 
 High-Level -Affordance Effects
 Several researchers have proposed that visuomotor priming biases visuospatial attention. Intriguingly, however, there is little agreement on the direction of the predicted effect. Whereas Myachykov and colleagues (2013) found that the eyes are automatically drawn towards an objects' graspable part (i.e. the handle of a teapot), Roberts and Humphreys (2006) found an attentional shift in the direction of the action that is implied by the object (i.e., towards the pouring part of a teapot). We will refer to these possibilities as the 'handle-affordance' and the 'action-direction' hypothesis, respectively.
 

Finally, we investigated whether landing positions were normally distributed on a trial level. To this end, we plotted the distributions of the different landing positions. Given the effect of saccade latency on (initial) landing positions, we did this separately for the fastest, the slowest, and the intermediate saccades. More precisely, we firstly removed the between-subjects variability from saccade latencies (Cousineau, 2005). Next, we divided the resulting normalized saccade latencies into three equal bins. Then, per saccade-latency bin, we divided landing positions into 15 equal landing-position bins. The resulting distributions are shown in Figure 3, and, importantly, appear to be unimodal. Furthermore, the bin means of the slowest refixations in Figure 2 may give the impression that these saccades were redirected slightly towards the objects' CoG (as compared to earlier refixations). However, by looking at their distributions (Figure 3b and 3d, orange lines), it becomes clear that this average tendency comes from the fact that some some of the latest refixations were directed towards the objects' handle side, instead of the action-direction side. Thus, on a trial level, slower refixations were not more likely to land towards the CoG than earlier refixations.

For symmetrical objects, both theories predict landing positions on the absolute center of the object, which makes distinguishing between the two impossible. For asymmetrical objects, the CoG account provides a very clear prediction, namely that the eyes will land at the object's weighted center (i.e., slightly towards the 'heavier' side, see blue arrow), whereas the PVL account does not. In case of an asymmetrical stimulus, there is no obvious reason for the PVL account to still predict landing positions at the absolute rather than the weighted center. As a consequence of this imbalance, logical hypothesis testing becomes impossible: Whereas we can safely assume that landing positions towards the 'heavier' side of an asymemtrical object are in line with the CoG account, we cannot safely rule out that they are in contrast with the PVL account. The reverse is also true: Whereas we can safely assume that landing positions towards the absolute center of an asymmetrical object are in contrast with the CoG account, we cannot safely assume that they confirm the PVL account.